hey ok today we were doing the powder
donut challenge oh so I'm home you're on
you it's supposed to be five donuts in
five minutes because you shoot a big
donut so I think okay that we should do
five of these donuts for me I feel like
I was more than how many do you want to
do got to do that like okay I feel like
I am through do like two minutes okay
two minutes to eat how many like as many
chendo to us it's really split out at
least five and then we can keep going
and keep going yeah we didn't really
plan take five all the powder and I grow
and you can't lick your lips I really
don't know this yeah it makes it
difficult like I can't wear like I
shouldn't I can let's do six and two
minutes these look intimidating all
right yeah so what you have to do if you
don't know you have to eat well we got a
little donut so we just kind of made it
up though we're gonna do six little
donuts like this herb six Donuts in two
minutes and you can't wake your lips so
so oh I'm not right for us send help
when mug it okay ready set hey yeah set
go don't look her lip mmm so gone I
thought there's a play-doh I'm stasis
gusting already i'm gonna lick my lips a
long lens if i do what you gonna do
about it all right then number two I'm
abandoned I'm a bird I'm sure that hot
100 mm ill whoa okay whoa wait milla
welcome hmm about one
come on I did it we both owe mm-hmm it
was real close i miss girl I thought was
I'm seeking to choke to death I'm sure
you bringing out the room because
nothing San for hell oh my god I never
lose again yeah so like oh like I want
to finish this don't let it go to waste
oh no self-control well uh I guess
whatever well if you enjoyed that I'm
gonna give it a thumbs up subscribe and
click on my face to go to my channel and
watch the chubby bunny challenge that
one's a good one
it's so good we don't even know what
happens in it exciting a sense I think
I'm gonna throw up um about water yeah I
was knocking fuck I'm ready at all for
this but I'll be enjoyed they'll be
probably some more challenges in the
future someday whatever make sure to
subscribe by from the sad face is it
really over something in the safe miss
no I go 17 more o night anymore